### 4.1.4 GitApp Client  
AFNetworking includes several classes that help with ordinary tasks. One of these is `AFHTTPClient` that include common patterns of communicating with an API, for example making requests using relative paths or setting HTTP headers which will be sent for each request.  
  
Typically, you will not work with AFHTTPClient directly, but you’ll do a subclass of it, where you define a singleton with a base URL and all request will be done to this base path followed of the relative URL.  
  
On XCode create a new class named GitHubAPIClient that has AFHTTPClient as superclass, and define a public class method as follows.  
  
```obj-c  
@interface JMGitHubAPIClient : AFHTTPClient  
+ (JMGitHubAPIClient *)sharedClient;  
@end  
```  
  
On implementation section is useful to write a constructor from a URL as follows.  
  
```obj-c  
- (id)initWithBaseURL:(NSURL *)url {  
	self = [super initWithBaseURL:url];  
	if (!self) return nil;  

	[self registerHTTPOperationClass:[AFJSONRequestOperation class]];  
	[self setDefaultHeader:@"Accept" value:@"application/json"];  
	return self;  
}  
```  
  
As you can see, here you define what is default header that you want to receive in all responses. This is recommendable because some APIs allow you to receive responses on different formats, for example JSON or XML, so it’s important that you choose one of these.  
  
At last, you only need to do a singleton as is usual, and calls to the constructor with the base URL that will be used on all client (this property is read-only, so if you need to do requests to different APIs, you need to write one APIClient by each service) as the code below.  
  
```obj-c  
static NSString * const kAFGitHubAPIBaseURLString = @"https://api.github.com/";  
  
+ (JMGitHubAPIClient *)sharedClient {  
    static JMGitHubAPIClient *_sharedClient = nil;  
    static dispatch_once_t onceToken;  
    dispatch_once(&onceToken, ^{  
        _sharedClient = [[JMGitHubAPIClient alloc] initWithBaseURL:[NSURL URLWithString:kAFGitHubAPIBaseURLString]];  
    });  
  
    return _sharedClient;  
}  
```