### 2.2.1. NSURLConnectionDelegate  
The first way that we’ll learn is make a request and manage the data using a delegate that tell us what happen with our connection.  

Using this method, we need to add a new *NSMutableData* property to our controller. This property will save the data received from Internet, and a delegate will be called when download process finish and we can use the data in our application.  

```obj-c  
@interface JMViewController ()  
    @property (strong, nonatomic) NSMutableData *data;  
@end  
```  

After that, we declare first a *NSURL* using the string in the textfield, and then use this to create a simple *NSURLRequest* (without more parameters). The last step is to pass this *NSURLRequest* to *NSURLConnection* class, which will begin the request automatically and return callbacks to delegate methods of the object as you can see in following code.  

```obj-c  
- (IBAction)requestWithNSURLConnectionDelegate {  
    NSURL *url = [NSURL URLWithString:self.urlField.text];  
    NSURLRequest *req = [NSURLRequest requestWithURL:url];  
    [NSURLConnection connectionWithRequest:req delegate:self];  
}
```
If you run the application at this moment, you won’t see anything, because you need to implement delegate methods as follows.  

```obj-c
#pragma mark - NSURLConnection delegate methods  
- (void)connection:(NSURLConnection *)connection didReceiveResponse:(NSURLResponse *)response{  
    self.data = [NSMutableData data];  
}  

-(void)connection:(NSURLConnection *)connection didReceiveData:(NSData *)data{  
    [self.data appendData:data];  
}

-(void)connection:(NSURLConnection *)connection didFailWithError:(NSError *)error{  
    [self.webView loadHTMLString:error.localizedDescription baseURL:nil];  
    [self.urlField resignFirstResponder];  
}

-(void)connectionDidFinishLoading:(NSURLConnection *)connection{
	NSString *responseString = [[NSString alloc] initWithData:self.data encoding:NSUTF8StringEncoding];  
    [self.webView loadHTMLString:responseString baseURL:nil];  
    [self.urlField resignFirstResponder];  
}
```  
The first method is called when the *NSURLConnecion* starts, so at this point you only need to initialize *NSMutableData* variable. This is done each connection because you could want to press the same button several times so data will be ‘corrupted’.  

Second method is called each time that connection receives data. You can think that this method is called only one time by request, but now think about a big file, for example a .zip of 100MB. Data comes from Internet in packages, and that’s the main reason to use a *NSMutableData* instead of *NSData*, so the purpose of this method is append all data received until the finish loading delegate method is performed.  

The last two methods notified this final, the first is performed when any error related with *NSURLConnection* happens, and the second when all was ok, so you could convert the data to *NSString*.  

In this case we are waiting a simple string, but is your responsibility taking care about MIME type, for example to create an image, a Microsoft Word file or whatever. That’s starting to be complicated, isn’t it?