## 2.3. Using AFNetworking  
  
Finally going to use the library from which this book is, *AFNetworking*. To summarize what it is, we can say that AFNetworking encapsulates *NSURLConnection*, *NSOperations* and queues to make life easier to developers when they want to make URL requests.  
  
This was the starting point, but as you can discover at last chapters on this book, a big ecosystem has been created around this library, and exists a lot of libraries to do different tasks of specific way.  
  
In the first place, we need to add *AFNetworking* to our project as we learnt at the first chapter. We prefer to use **Cocoa Pods** for it, but you are free to choose your preferred method.  
  
Edit **Podfile** with your favorite text editor and include following lines on it.  
  
```obj-c  
platform :ios, '6.0'  
pod 'AFNetworking', '1.0'  
```  
  
After that, you only need to download updated pods, so open a terminal and execute `pod install`. From this point, remember to open *xcworkspace* file instead of *xcproject*, because it includes Pod files inside of it.  
  
Work with *AFNetworking* changes a little bit the code flow, simplifying it because it uses blocks instead of delegates that seem more magical.  
  
First step is to create a *NSURLRequest* from a NSURL as is usual, and after we create an *AFHTTPRequestOperation* which will be managed in a queue without to having to worry about it.  
  
Finally call to start method as follows.  
  
```obj-c  
- (IBAction)requestWithAFN {  
	NSURL *url = [NSURL URLWithString:self.urlField.text];  
	NSURLRequest *req = [NSURLRequest requestWithURL:url];    

	AFHTTPRequestOperation *operation = [[AFHTTPRequestOperation alloc] initWithRequest:req];  
	[operation setCompletionBlockWithSuccess: ^(AFHTTPRequestOperation *operation, id responseObject) {  
  
		NSString *stringResponse = [[NSString alloc] initWithData:responseObject  
			encoding:NSUTF8StringEncoding];  
		[self.webView loadHTMLString:stringResponse baseURL:nil];  
  
	} failure: ^(AFHTTPRequestOperation *operation, NSError *error) {  
  
		[self.webView loadHTMLString:error.localizedDescription baseURL:nil];  
  
	}];  
  
	[operation start];  
  
	[self.urlField resignFirstResponder];  
}  
```  
  
As you have seen, each *AFHTTPRequest* operation has a completion block and a failure block where you can execute your code once time request has been finished. This time we are working with a simple HTML string, so you only need to convert *NSData* received to a *NSString* according to encoding, in this case UTF8, but it could be a PNG file or whatever (don’t worry about it, *AFNetworking* include some subclasses and categories that will do this work by you ☺).